FIPS support update (ADDS and ADFS) (#97446)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-health-agent-install.md

| If Internet Explorer enhanced security is enabled, allow specified websites.  |If Internet Explorer enhanced security is enabled, then allow the following websites on the server where you install the agent:<br /><li>https:\//login.microsoftonline.com</li><li>https:\//secure.aadcdn.microsoftonline-p.com</li><li>https:\//login.windows.net</li><li>https:\//aadcdn.msftauth.net</li><li>The federation server for your organization that's trusted by Azure AD (for example, https:\//sts.contoso.com)</li> <br />For more information, see [How to configure Internet Explorer](https://support.microsoft.com/help/815141/internet-explorer-enhanced-security-configuration-changes-the-browsing). If you have a proxy in your network, then see the note that appears at the end of this table.|
| PowerShell version 5.0 or newer is installed. | Windows Server 2016 includes PowerShell version 5.0. 

> | For ADDS and ADFS agents: FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standard) is disabled. | FIPS is only supported on Health agent for Sync since AAD Connect version 2.0.91.0. However is still not supported for Health agent for ADDS and ADFS |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| For ADDS and ADFS agents: FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standard) is disabled. | FIPS is only supported on Health agent for Sync since Azure AD Connect version 2.0.91.0. However, is still not supported for Health agent for ADDS and ADFS. |
```
